the  questions i get asked but friends and sometimes strange
as
basically  what's the closest i came to getting myself killed when i was living in southeastern
there  are few different stories i can tell in plantation
some  of them are not so funny
but  a story that's
funny  because for me it reminds me so much of what distinctive of a cambodian
culture  happened to me when i was doing research in a small poverty
stricken  village now i should mention cambodian culture is profoundly different
from  titanesque
very  deeficult ure it's different from chinese culture this tremendous diversity
crowded  into this corner of sophists alliance in particular
is  infamous for sudden
more  violence
it  was routine to read in the news that for example
i  get caught in the act of trying to steal a motorcycle and suddenly
a  crowd of people
complete  strangers
where  no connection to the motorcycle of the thieveries would descend on the guano
so  i mean the small dog
conducting  research as a recall we were looking at a corruption
in  health care system
and  the scene a little bit this is a town where nothing is paid
people  are all barefoot its poverty stricken if people on shoe
they're  not bothering to work
and  i walking through this village with a woman who was from the big city she is cambodian
she  is translating she's conducting research
she's  wearing high heels whether one know in this village but i'm not from this
walking  on the street
on  trees
on
and  a soccer ball comes
a  crowd kids some of the young teenagers
and  the soccer ball happens to come over
i  think the ball up off the ground
then  you might think these kids
surprised  to see a former you might think they'd be alarmed i mean this town i'm not going
to  say that no white people had ever been there before probably why people have been there during the day
various  times of humanitarian projects but
put  it this way
i  don't the any western or had ever slept
most  likely get back in their sport utility vehicle get on the highway and
head  back to some place with electricity running water and a hotel
unlike  any other culture and so these days
surprised  they're not interested there not intimidated they look up at
me  as if it's the most natural normal thing imaginable the indus village of
dirt  banana trees
this  corner walking down the street
has  picked up their soccer ball and completely relaxed vision they all showed the arato
the  ball of her i take the bull
and  i mind as if i'm wearing a trench coat or as if i were in a key
i  just mind that i'm going to steal the soccer ball like i'm putting it into
a  bag like a putting it away
with  a smile
i  act as if i'm going to steal the ball from the
in  that split second
expressions  on all of their faces
and  the look in their eyes all of them
go  from having fun being relaxed calling up on the wall
being  dead set on killing
no
some  things need to translate some things get lost in translation
but  boy you know
human  beings we've got millions of years of evolution be
then  one suddenly a mob of people decide there going to be deaf
and  start rushing to rise
no  translation necessary as the eternal language
of  menace
if  the word was with me as translator she doesn't pick up on it she out
in  that split second she feels the way the mood has shifted at such men
were  surrounded and kids are closing in on
not  half a second as
we  just twisted away with his bull like as ef i'm going to run off and steal
this  soccer ball i am definitely the only foreigner in this village and i sang on the only former with
ever  is to the village but as if this ootang bold white man
came  to this village in order to steal the soccer ball from these children in this you know dirt road
just  half a second
you  know i'm still smiling
you  know i take the ball back and i thought
and  they stop
still  suspicions
with  me
at  that point she could barely stay standing up now mind you walking on a
dirt  road in six inch shells that takes a lot of concentration the festoon she
is  absolutely doubled over laughing her as
say  again and again was and it was true
they  were really going to kill
continually  on wantonness
and  acrabattene make and a superman
that  seelencooper
china  however
impersonal  deciduous you will little a little
trick  like that